the splits is definitely difficult but
this is way more difficult instead of
being a floppy noodle you also have to
have the strength to hold yourself in
that position which is way more useful
athletically basically instead of just
stretching a muscle normally you need to
find a way to activate the muscle and
flex it underload you can just use
gravity or you can use weights the way I
do it is 10 sets of 30 seconds a week
per muscle group half of them are
passive stretches and half of them are
active stretches and that's the flexi
way I just released programs but if you
want something free I've got ebooks as
well stay flexxy